eldad hungry was my pillow and I think
Martha not sleeping bad also
the platform children are involved in a
variety of different work at the train
stations this includes begging bending
rag picking rummaging through scraps of
garbage performing for travelers by
singing and dancing cleaning and
sweeping the train compartments and
selling refilled bottles of water
we try and convince them to attend the
night shelters we tell them about the
dangers which prevents in the platform
Lexie night is the most vulnerable part
of the 24 hours and there are all
chances of the of them being trafficked
then being molested or be a solo hablar
de que luggage Elliott ought to give me
Lolita Lolita maybe I can make for Demi
Center miss eliza- the vigil
voglia put on horner go to for project
me did you finally lucky